The device specific main.c is responsible for providing the main running task, as well as the initialization task for devices that need to be initialized with the scheduler running.

network initialization will involve a few steps:
1. on boot, all devices perform their internal initialization and any diagnostics that they can
2. after a short delay to allow all devices time to initialize, the coordinator sends out pings to all devices on the wired bus sequentially.
3. the devices respond with the generic ping response and unlock any tasks waiting for initialization.
4. after constructing the round robin table, the coordinator begins sending out sequential round robin pings to all devices that responded.

the initialization task should do something to show that the device is on, like flashing an indicator.

In this case, a light should blink yellow to show it is still being initialized.

Lights are mostly responsive devices, They respond to controllers trying to change colour depending on their lockout level.

when a signal below the current lockout level is received, it is ignored.

when a signal at the current lockout level is received, it is confirmed (lowercase colour)

when a signal above the current lockout level is received, the lockout moves to the new lockout level.

The light is also capable of producing error codes during a failure to light scenario, this is measured using the voltage divider.
Not yet implemented

The light will confirm a colour change after checking that a light has actually turned on (assuming the light is capable of detecting this, for now it just confirms until the check is implemented)

Colour_req is the currently requested colour, colour_cur is set once the colour has confirmed.
A light in error will respond with an error code to a controller requesting a change and disable itself, and the controller will still allow a lockout to be released so that other lights on the network can be controlled.
It will also send an error to any menu controllers to show the error, when this is implemented.

The light should check light status on any changes, but also just periodically check when it is "idle".
If it has an error while it is "idle" it should send a message out to any controllers on it's internal list.

Lights should also have a timeout on error messages, to prevent spamming responses to the network.

The light should respond immediately to a request to change colour or release a lockout, with an error message coming later on after the check has completed.

For the most basic version, only the initiating controller will control devices on the network. Eventually a device may be able to take over if the initiator is unable to complete the process for some reason.